LIMITED LICENSE FOR COMMERCIAL USE OF THE DIVERSITY UNIVERSITY EDUCORE MOO 
DATABASE SOFTWARE

1. INTRODUCTION. Please read this License Agreement ("License") carefully 
since it contains important contract rights and obligations between you 
("you") and DU Educational Technology Services, Inc. ("DUETS, Inc."), as well 
as important limitations on those rights. Agreement to this License is 
required for use of the Software and Documentation, as defined below. The 
effective date of this License is the date set forth below DUETS, Inc.'s 
signature.

2. DEFINITIONS. This License applies to the Software and the Documentation. 
The "Software" is the Diversity University eDUcore MOO Database and associated 
components. A "MOO Database" is a Multi-user-domain Object Oriented ("MOO") 
database that when accessed by a MOO Server can be used to simulate a virtual 
reality world. A "MOO Server" is software that interprets a MOO Database, and 
performs those functions on the machine on which it runs to allow users to 
access a virtual world simulated by the MOO. Together a MOO Database and a MOO 
Server comprise a "MOO System." The "Documentation" is the user documentation, 
manuals, instructions or descriptions relating to the Software that DUETS, 
Inc. generally makes available.

3. SCOPE OF GRANT. DUETS, Inc. grants you a non-exclusive, non-assignable, 
limited, worldwide, fully paid license to use the Software and the 
Documentation for commercial purposes. The Software comprises a MOO Database 
and associated components only, and in order to establish an operating MOO 
System YOU MUST ALSO OBTAIN A COMPATIBLE MOO SERVER TO RUN THE MOO DATABASE. 
In addition, the Software contains elements derived from the LambdaCore MOO 
database, which elements may be subject to their own copyright and other 
licensing issues. This License only extends to elements of the Software 
created or licensed for distribution by DUETS, Inc. DUETS, Inc. makes no 
representations or warranties with respect to the LambdaCore MOO database from 
which elements of the Software are derived, or related intellectual property 
rights.

(a) As a commercial licensed user, you may: (i) install the Software in any 
single MOO System; (ii) run the Software on any single computer; (iii) copy 
the Software and the Documentation for private archival purposes, provided 
each copy must contain all of the original proprietary and intellectual 
property rights notices; and (iv) modify the Software or create derivative 
works of the Software ("Derivative Works"), subject to the limitations and 
conditions described in this License, and provided any Derivative Work must 
contain all of the original proprietary and intellectual property rights 
notices.

(b) As a commercial licensed user, you may not: (i) copy the Software or the 
Documentation other than as specified above; (ii) distribute or resell the 
Software or the Documentation; (iii) remove any proprietary or intellectual 
property rights notices or labels on the Software or the Documentation; (iv) 
rent, lease, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer rights to the 
Software or the Documentation; or (v) distribute any Derivative Work which is 
the result of the Software being modified (as opposed to being used to create 
or facilitate an end result) without DUETS, Inc.'s prior written consent, 
which DUETS, Inc. may not unreasonably withhold.

(c) This License does not include or apply to any updates or support for the 
Software, which may, however, be available under a separate license.

4. PAYMENT. You shall pay to DUETS, Inc. a license fee of US$2,000, payable 
upon receipt of a signed original of this license by DUETS, Inc., and delivery 
of a copy of the Software to you together with an invoice for the amount due. 
If DUETS, Inc. does not receive payment within 30 days of the date of the 
invoice, it may impose a late fee of 1.5% per month or the highest amount 
allowed by applicable law, whichever is greater.

5. TITLE. Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in the 
Software and the Documentation shall remain in DUETS, Inc. This License does 
not include the right to sublicense the Software or the Documentation and may 
not be assigned (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written 
consent of DUETS, Inc. You are permitted to modify or create Derivative Works. 
However all portions of the Software that were included in the original 
version of the Software will continue to be owned by DUETS, Inc. and may not 
be sublicensed or otherwise assigned without the prior written consent of 
DUETS, Inc. In addition, if you have modified the Software in any way, any 
notification that appears to users of the Software that they are using the 
Software, or that appears elsewhere on your systems, literature, or marketing 
materials, must also carry prominent notification that you have modified the 
Software and that the Software that users are using is derived from or run on 
a "modified Diversity University eDUcore" database. In no case will you remove 
any proprietary or intellectual property rights notices from the Software or 
the Documentation. You may use DUETS, Inc.'s name or trademarks only as 
specifically allowed by this License or by DUETS, Inc.'s policies that it may 
announce from time to time. "Diversity University," the "DU" logo, "du.org" 
and "eDUcore" are all trademarks of DU Educational Technology Services, Inc.

6. CONTENT. Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in and 
to any materials accessed through the Software is the property of the 
applicable materials' owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or 
other law. This License gives you no rights to such materials, nor does DUETS, 
Inc. have any liability for your use of materials accessed using the Software.

7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED ON 
AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-
INFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION IS BORNE BY YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE 
DEFECTIVE, YOU AND NOT DUETS, INC. ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY SERVICE AND 
REPAIR. IN ADDITION, THE SECURITY MECHANISMS IMPLEMENTED BY THE SOFTWARE HAVE 
INHERENT LIMITATIONS, AND YOU MUST DETERMINE THAT THE SOFTWARE SUFFICIENTLY 
MEETS YOUR REQUIREMENTS. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL 
PART OF THIS LICENSE. SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION 
OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY 
HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR BY JURISDICTION.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY 
(CONTRACT, TORT - INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE - OR OTHERWISE), SHALL DUETS, INC. OR 
ITS TRUSTEES, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, DISTRIBUTORS OR RESELLERS BE 
LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES 
FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY 
AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, OR FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES, EVEN IF 
DUETS, INC. OR ITS TRUSTEES, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, DISTRIBUTORS 
OR RESELLERS SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES, OR 
FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY 
TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW 
PROHIBITS THIS LIMITATION. IN ADDITION, SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT 
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO, 
TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY DO NOT, THESE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY 
TO YOU.

9. INDEMNIFICATION. You agree that in using, copying, modifying or any other 
activity involving the Software, you will not violate any other person's 
rights, including that person's intellectual property rights. You further 
agree that if a party makes a claim against DUETS, Inc. claiming any violation 
of his/her rights that appears to be the result of your use, copying, 
modification or any other activity involving the software, you agree to 
indemnify, defend and hold DUETS, Inc. harmless against such claim and to be 
responsible for any damages or other relief awarded as a result of the claim 
and any attorneys fees incurred by DUETS in connection with such claim. You 
further agree to give DUETS, Inc. immediate notice of any demands, claims or 
other actions against you that involve alleged violations of another's rights 
by the use, modification and reproduction of the Software.

10. HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES. The Software is not designed, manufactured or 
intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous 
environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of 
nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic 
control, direct life support machines, or weapons systems, in which the 
failure of the Software could lead directly to death, personal injury, or 
severe physical or environmental damage ("High Risk Activities"). DUETS, Inc. 
and its trustees, employees, contractors, suppliers, distributors and 
resellers specifically disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for 
High Risk Activities.

11. TERMINATION. Either party may terminate this License if that party 
believes that there has been a default by the other party. In addition, this 
License will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with the 
limitations described in this License. You may terminate this License at any 
time by destroying the Software and the Documentation, and all copies, 
including those installed in a MOO database system. Upon any termination of 
this License, you shall immediately discontinue use of the Software and the 
Documentation and destroy all your copies of the Software and the 
Documentation, and certify in writing to DUETS, Inc. that this destruction has 
occurred. All sections of this License, except for Section 3, survive 
termination of this License. If DUETS, Inc. receives your notice of 
termination not more than 14 days after it receives timely payment (no late 
charges accrued) from you per Section 4, the full payment will be returned to 
you.

12. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTES. Since DUETS, Inc. is a nonprofit corporation 
organized under the laws of the State of Ohio, USA, this License is to be 
interpreted under Ohio law and under United States law for issues governed by 
federal law (except for conflicts of law principles) and, unless DUETS, Inc. 
agrees to another jurisdiction or tribunal, all disputes as to this License, 
if they cannot be resolved by the parties between themselves, will be brought 
in state or federal courts located in Ohio, and you agree that those courts 
will have jurisdiction over those disputes.

13. MISCELLANEOUS. This License represents the complete and exclusive 
statement of the agreements concerning this License between the parties and 
supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and representations 
between them. This License may only be amended in a writing signed by both 
parties. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable for any 
reason, that provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make 
it enforceable, and that decision shall not affect the enforceability (i) of 
that provision under other circumstances or (ii) of the remaining provisions 
of this License under all circumstances. If either party waives any provision 
of this License, that waiver shall not be deemed to be a continuing waiver of 
the same or any other provision. Headings shall not be considered in 
interpreting this License. Any rights not expressly granted in this License 
are reserved by DUETS, Inc.

DU Educational Technology
  Services, Inc.                 	_________________________________

By: _____________________________	By: _____________________________

Name: ___________________________	Name: ___________________________

Title: __________________________	Title: __________________________

Date: ___________________________	Date: ___________________________

______________________________________________________________
License version: 5/27/98
